RRP instruction updates (#199)
AlexsLemonade/reproducible-research: docs/setup_instructions/windows_installation_instructions.md

Open this file and follow the prompts to install RStudio onto your computer.
You may need to give permission to modify your system.

> ##### Update an RStudio setting
> 
> Next, we recommend that you update this setting in RStudio to ensure that code we write is compatibility across different machines.

Reviewer: I feel like we should be specific?
```suggestion
##### Update RStudio line ending setting

Next, we recommend that you update the line ending setting in RStudio to ensure that code we write is compatible across different machines, and in particular between the Windows and WSL/Ubuntu system.
```

In RStudio, go to `Tools > Global Options` .
Click `Code` on the left-side menu, and select the `Saving` tab.

> On this screen, ensure that "None" is selected from the "Line ending conversion" dropdown.

Reviewer: Should we say "or Posix"? I can't decide which is better default here... None seems pretty safe, but I actually don't know what will happen with new files, which could be an issue at times.

Author: It's also tricky since this isn't a project-specific setting, but a global RStudio one...

Reviewer: I feel like posix is the better default overall, but I don't love that we are telling them to modify other files...

Author: What if we exclude this from setup, but add to the workshop itself in instructor notes so that this only applies to workshop files? When they open the RRP project, we can direct them to modify the project settings to use Posix. This will also give us a moment to contextualize why we are taking this step.

Reviewer: I think that may make sense. Line endings are enough of a bugbear that they seem worth adding to explicit instruction. (We can also set this to posix in the exisiting project files, just to avoid the issue if we forget about it).

Author: > We can also set this to posix in the existing project files, just to avoid the issue if we forget about it

good call

> bugbear

I am wholly unfamiliar with this term, but the internet tells me it's DnD. Personally I like it because it's a tardigrade.

After installation is complete, you can exit the R console by typing `q()` and pressing Enter.
You will be asked whether to save your workspace, and we recommend choosing `n`.

### Installing Pandoc on WSL 2

As part of this workshop, we'll be working with [R Notebooks](https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/notebook.html).
To render these documents to HTML from the command line, you will need a separate piece of software called Pandoc.
(Note that you do not need a separate installation of Pandoc to render these documents from _within RStudio_ - only to render from the command line.)

To install Pandoc on the _WSL 2_ side of your machine, enter this command in the Ubuntu terminal:

```sh
sudo apt-get install pandoc
```

> You will then be prompted for your password, and Pandoc will install.

Reviewer: Do we want to just roll this into the rest of the installs at the top? I don't think that we should need a separate step here. 
```suggestion
You may then be prompted for your password, and Pandoc will install.
```
